I just know what's up guys Italia here
welcome back to a new video
that's my fall break and I'm visiting
Boston so I wanted to film a fun video
today we're at Harvard University and
we're gonna give away brand new iPhone
11s to students who can answer just a
few questions so this is how it's gonna
work
I've got five questions here that I'm
gonna ask students and if they get all
of them right then they win a brand new
iPhone - love it
I'm not gonna show the questions just
yet so you guys can play along but I've
got different questions and different
subjects from like math to science to
history so hopefully someone wins a new
iPhone today all right let's get started
excuse me are you good students here
excuse me do you guys go here Harvard
what's your name Boston what's your name
as a Chuku my name is Jesse Josh Sarah
I'm Strava
y'all go buckle baby I'm Noah what year
are you and what are you studying I'm a
freshman I've yet to decide probably
history or econ what is your year and
major I am a freshman studying computer
science at Harvard yeah I'm a freshman I
want to be an English major with a minor
in film I'm a first year studying CS and
or physics freshman math physics I'm a
first year here and my planet
concentration is neuroscience I'm a
freshman I'm thinking of studying
environmental science right now if I'm
not sure I'm a first year and I'm still
deciding I'm a first
I think I'm gonna show you economics but
we don't know what fun did you have cool
so hopefully she wins a new iPhone are
you ready yeah so we're gonna start off
easy
the first question is a geography
question round one geography what is the
only u.s. state that only borders one
state what is the only u.s. state that
only borders one state I was just gonna
know it can't be Hawaii or Alaska
because Alaska port is kinda let me know
it think about it think about it only
borders one state oh dear
Alaska Maine but doesn't Alaska only
Board of Canada so main question I'll
answer sure that's right that's right I
think it's made final answer yeah that's
right that's right mean yeah I mean
final answer my answer that's right okay
yeah
Oh final answer
main yeah that's right that's right
yeah that's right yeah is it Florida it
is it I'm sorry it's actually mean but
just for playing I have a I have a
banana for you thank you for playing I
appreciate it thanks so much is it Maine
yeah so round two is math the question
is which number logically follows this
series which number logically follows a
series you can hold this
Oh No
plus two plus three minus three think
big picture
I really thought I was gonna get an
iPhone 11 Oh
that's five what's my final answer
nineteen there you go that's right I
have to go to office just gave her a
math office ah yes nineteen yeah is it
19 yes yes that's right all right all
right two down
I think it's nineteen final answer yes
yeah that's right
nineteen final answer yes that's right
let's go okay sweetie
you got two down nineteen final answer
yeah sure Giada a again which number
logically follows she got it so fast
look away from the paper look let's look
at this beautiful campus and look
wait a minute
so stupid what's your financier Wow okay
nineteen
[Music]
just need three more right you get a new
phone all right
round three is history this one's tough
this one's tough
which u.s. president serve the shortest
time in office which US president serves
the shortest time in office he died a
month in oh wait I know this I know this
but I don't know the name what I
remember learning this I remember I
remember all right you got it you got it
oh wait wait
this guy had died in office like that
cuz he was sick he was sick for like 30
you whose only present for 30 days I
just don't know his name that's the
thing I know all the facts about him and
he had black hair too he was depressed
too because he had a son that was killed
in a train accident he did I just don't
know what's his name Doug Pierce no no
no no it wasn't Franklin Pierce he died
of like medical problems I don't know
who it is
yeah the final answer don't know who it
is say you guys to see you again
he has three names
it's like final answer William Henry
Harrison yeah yeah that's right two more
questions and you win a new iPhone oh my
god why is it that I know everything
about a but is name what if I did
another question and they came back to
this one can I do that you cannot I
can't Oh Pierce here just one of his
name's a blip Pierce one of his big
something pierced something something
fierce I thought there was an F - well
then final answer Pierce I'm sorry I did
thank you for playing though I
appreciate a is a banana is it Harrison
Harrison that's your head
alright two more questions and then you
win a new - Harrison answer yes no she
got it no she got do more for the iPhone
okay because it's fun I don't know
Garfield that's not right I'm sorry
thank you for playing I have a banana
that's right history van Buuren it's
alright I'm sorry thank you for playing
though there's a study snack thank you
for playing officiated yeah William
Henry Harrison my my sir two more two
more I around for science you got it
round four it's a science question what
is the hottest planet in our solar
system what is the hottest planet in our
solar system Oh
oh my gosh oh my god I want to say
mercury because it's the closest to the
Sun logically it's whatever's closest to
the Sun I mean intuitively take your
time
this hard because I'm between two
planets okay
so Venus is like gassy but Marie Curie
is like closer to the Sun so it's even
more your Venus mercury sounds - right
Venus
I'll answer yeah that's it yeah oh one
more question one more questions think
it's Venus
final answer Venus that's go ahead one
more question you win a new iPhone I
love it okay then can I go back to my
dorm final answer I don't even win the
phone but I have bananas for both of you
thank you very much I think that Venus
comes to mind first but then like
mercury is closer to the Sun so like
yeah wait I think I'll say mercury sure
yeah for sure yeah
I'm sorry thank you for playing I have a
have a banana for you for your Saturday
so you can enjoy it oh yeah it's okay
it's definitely Mercury Venus or Mars
let's just go with Venus cuz it rhymes
with peanuts final answer final answer
ya know one more question one more
question for an iPhone 11 alright round
five final round for an iPhone 11 pop
culture which music video on YouTube
has the most views which music video on
YouTube has the most views take all the
time you want
which music video on YouTube has the
most views Oh No it used to be Gangnam
style I think oh no I want to say despot
Seto what I consider you know despot
Seto
thinking out loud baby Gangnam style
guide a friend or anything or no yeah
it's all on you ah it could be sorry - a
lot of big music videos up there I
really feel like it's sorry or that's
why Seto I feel like I'm not gonna get
the iPhone not with that attitude I
think it might be the shape of you by
cheering I'm not sure oh God or baby no
no that's not it I don't know I I swear
it's thinking out loud I'm Big Bang
what is that me let's just go with
thinking out loud final answer final
answer
sure I'm sorry that's all right you're
so close I'm sorry
I'm sorry thank you for playing though I
appreciate it I got a I know what Noah I
got a banana for you just enjoy this I
appreciate it thanks for playing sure I
feel like there's another new song I
came out that has
[Music]
I'm gonna go with dust bus eater that's
fine sir
what do you feel I feel great like okay
let's go let's go oh my goodness you're
the first one the first one yes I'm
gonna love it it's very good go for it
follow yours Congrats oh my good looks
dead I was on the ground in the
beginning she was like oh yeah I heard
you're giving out free bananas she ended
up with a knife I feel like for a long
time it was like socially no girl knows
but then but then
Lucido doesn't answer yeah rain you said
you said you needed a new pose here
right
whoa oh my god oh my god
I am literally not joking this is for
you it's yours
how you feeling how you feeling so
congratulations yeah poured that's
insane that's also thank God that I
decided to take another quiz bowl
contest
yeah of course
[Music]
are you guys I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video this video was not
sponsored I use my own money to buy the
phones and I'm a broke college student
so please please please drop a like on
this video if you enjoyed if you new
here don't forget to subscribe let me
know if you want to see more videos like
this be sure to check out the Instagram
to see some of the other videos that I'm
working on and I'll catch you guys in
the next one
what is the powerhouse of the cell
powerhouse cell is it the battery
oh just bit into my phone and crack the
screen okay anyways